oh man I keep watching all these PC
build videos but the camera angles are
so confusing where does this even go
I'll help you oh no oh wow that was a
close one let's do this here's how to
build a PC start by clearing a tidy
workspace with everything you need and
Gathering the necessary tools while
realistically you can build a modern
computer with just a number two Philips
head screw driver and maybe a number one
there's a few other things I like to
have in my kit some cutting implements
for opening packages boxes a pair of
side Cutters for terminating zip ties a
pair of needle-nose pliers for
tightening the odd nut or reaching into
tight spaces some cable management ties
I like these reusable hook and loop
style ones an anti-static wrist strap
I'll show you guys how to use this later
these are great so you don't end up
playing baby simulator instead of PC
Building Simulator the first thing I'm
going to have you open up is your power
supply don't worry too much about the
documentation or the accessories just
yet I want you to grab the main power
cord
the power supply unit itself
and a delicious
snack in all seriousness those are not
nearly as delicious as they sound now we
plug this boy in and plug it into the
wall then from here we've got a couple
of options either we can diligently
touch this anytime we're about to handle
something sensitive or we can know we're
just bound to be focusing on other
things and put on our ESD bracelet with
the metal side in making contact with
our be our skin and then attach our clip
to any exposed metal on our power supply
realistically paint is not a great
conductor if you get given a little
scratchy scratch it'll conduct ever so
slightly better now obviously there are
other ways to ground yourself I'm
looking at them right now but if you
know how these work I don't need to
explain to you how to use an ESD
bracelet even you Smarties might not be
using the anklet hack yet though I'm a
big fan of this you just clip on and
your hands are completely unencumbered
also if you forget
whatever let's break away baby now we're
ready all we need is any reference
materials that we might find useful and
oh if you've got one a sponsor like I
fix it it's May so it may be time to fix
up your old broken gear from now until
May 31st you can get 20% off select
iFixit toolkits by going to the link in
the video description let's start with
the motherboard we're going to have all
these parts linked below if you guys
want to follow along at home but don't
feel press to use exactly the same stuff
that's kind of the beauty of building a
custom PC the basic process is the same
even if the part numbers change a little
bit from year to year now one thing to
note is anytime you're handling a board
you're going to want to handle it by the
edges by big plastic pieces like this or
large metal pieces like here and back
here and as for where you're going to
want to put it down well see I have an
ESD safe workm but you probably won't so
conveniently your motherboard comes with
a non- conductive platform called The
Box just put it on there before we get
too far ahead of ourselves though there
are a couple of things we need from in
here this small m.2 retention screw this
IO Shield our Wi-Fi antennas and I don't
know a say cable sure if you're a
first-time Builder or even if you're not
now is a much easier time to familiarize
yourself with the layout of your
motherboard the b760 DS3 haac from
gigabyte it's not a particularly
high-end board but what it does have is
the features we need and a very standard
layout our CPU power connectors up here
in the top left in its usual location
our motherboard power connector is along
the right hand Edge our CPU socket is
right here dead center at the top with
our Ram slots just to the right
colorcoded for dual Channel
operation our m.2 storage slots are just
south of the CPU socket and between the
PCI Express expansion slots and then all
of our front connectors are along the
bottom edge with audio
RGB USB 2 fans our front IO so that's
our front power button and front lights
some internal connectors for SATA those
are for our hard drives and these are
pretty important USB 3 and USB 3 type-c
along the right hand Edge usually under
the motherboard power connector the last
thing is at the top there's going to be
a special fan header usually called CPU
that one is special because if for
whatever reason your CPU fan fails the
system can be programmed to shut down
safely instead of overheating now let's
talk CPU I don't know quite how this
happened but Intel has become a great
choice for Budget gaming builds these
days and the core i5 12600 KF is a
fantastic choice it's got six PE cores
and four poo cores that is to say six
performance cores and four that don't
perform quite as well it turbos to up to
4.9 GHz and jokes about them aside those
weaker efficiency cores actually make it
a formidable choice not just for gaming
but even for streaming and light content
creation something to note though is
that as an fq this is not going to allow
us to use our onboard Graphics outputs
and we do prefer to have those even if
it's just to simplify troubleshooting
but for a $30 difference in budget at
this price point it's just not something
that we can justify for something we'll
be replacing before we ever even power
on the system now it's time to get this
thing installed all we've got to do is
push down the arm here lift up this bad
boy right here find the little Golden
Triangle that's on the corner of our CPU
in this
case right there then find the
corresponding triangle at the corner of
the socket or if you want to be even
more careful not to accidentally touch
these pins you can check before you lift
it up line those two triangles up drop
the CPU into place with no Force
whatsoever if it doesn't go in it may
not be keyed correctly so watch out for
that
give it a little wiggle to make sure
it's in place lower the top cover lower
the
arm and this should pop off just a
little something like that hold on to
this though if you ever need to RMA your
motherboard back to the manufacturer
they will require you to have this all
right stop eating things now let's talk
about another area where we saved a few
bucks we went with 32 gigs of DDR 4
memory opting for this kit of g-skill
rip Jaws 5 some folks might have
preferred went with ddr5 but at around
$80 this is a great kit for gaming today
and in the near future and fit
comfortably within our approximately
$1,000 budget for installation the first
thing you're going to want to do is
check where they go and oo conveniently
this motherboard has a little silk
screened legend that tells you but if
not you can double check your
motherboard manual usually you're going
to use colorcoded slots and usually the
slots furthest away from the
CPU just peel back the tabs
press down firmly until they click and
you should be good to
go by the way if you noticed how
three-dimensional and spatial all of
that was you're probably watching on the
Vision Pro with the file that we
provided at lm. g/f floatplane for
everyone else guess what you're also a
winner because you didn't spend $3,500
on a Vision Pro now we're going to need
some storage for our operating system
and hey what are you doing what year is
it for the operating system yeah that's
better we've gone with the crucial P3
plus is it the fastest drive on the
market no does it have a dam cache which
can improve longevity and performance no
but what it does have is good enough
performance and a very attractive price
we've got a 1 tab drive here which will
be enough for our operating system our
applications and maybe even a couple of
games and while we recognize we could
have spent more on a higher performance
drive we found that a mainstream pcie
Gen 4 Drive is all most people are B to
notice in desktop use anyway so the only
question is do we install it in the top
slot which tends to run at higher speeds
and lower latency and is connected
directly to the CPU or do we run it in
one of the bottom slots which typically
shares its Lanes with other nearby slots
for us it's really not going to matter
so een me money this one all we've got
to do is align our little gumstick form
factor drive with the slot right there
push it in push it down and then retreat
that little screw that we had earlier
and this is where you're going to need
that number one Philips head screwdriver
and screw it down a little something
like
this it's worth noting that many modern
motherboards have unique toolless
installation methods for these m.2
drives or even large shrouds or heat
sinks that cover up the slots so if you
find that that's the case just consult
your manual for how to operate these
slots and how to gain access to them
when you're installing your CPU Cooler
the first thing you're going to want to
do is double check what socket you're
using this will often be silk screened
on the motherboard in our case we can
see socket 1700 but otherwise you will
certainly find it in the manual or on
the product page for your CPU then what
we're going to do is we're going to open
this up ignore absolutely everything
except get out of here ah there it is we
missed it this is very important because
pretty much every cooler installs a
little bit differently and sometimes a
little differently on every single
socket so we're going to want to find
The Specific
Instructions for Intel 1700 now
obviously your mileage may vary for this
part depending on which cooler you
bought but the thermal R Phantom Spirit
120 SE is a great choice at just about
any budget so I'm going to show you guys
how to install it starting by grabbing
the back plate and flipping over your
motherboard I don't generally like
peeling these and actually sticking this
thing down but as you can see in a
previous take I already started so I
guess we're down this path now so all
I'm going to do is kind of Stick it to
my shirt a little bit to make sure that
it's not too sticky now on older sockets
the orientation mattered but on LGA 1700
it doesn't so we're just going to pop
these little posts through the holes in
the
motherboard stick that down and we
should be good to go now we put all of
our fun little blue spacers in place
line up our little mounting
bars now for one of the most
controversial steps applying thermal
compound here's how you do it
that's not how I would do it that's how
you do it look at the mess you made
being serious though that would have
worked fine you can't really put too
much thermal compound on your CPU all it
does is make a mess but if you don't
want to waste it then an amount more
like this is more reasonable we used to
say the size of an uncooked grain of
rice now I would say think of whatever
the trendiest most hipster rice you can
think of is and how big it is when it's
cooked and kind of go with that if you
have a much larger CPU like a
workstation size or server size CPU
either spread a thin layer across the
entire shiny integrated heat spreader or
check their documentation now for the
most important step everything else you
did was for not if you do not remove
this peel remove the peel now shiny take
that shiny put it on the other
shiny line up the post with the screws
then give her but not fully once it's
caught I would strongly recommend
tightening the other side until it
catches and then tightening slowly in an
alternating fashion you can just wrench
one side all the way down and then try
and get the other side to go but it can
be a little bit tricky puts a lot of
strain on the motherboard too we are
done well not done done I mean it's not
a computer is it but done enough to
deserve a nice snack
now that we've enjoyed A light meal and
a very heavy trip to the toilet we're
ready to put these wire Clips onto our
fans a little something like
so then we lower the fan down make sure
it's even not that it really matters but
it matters a lot to me and pull the
clips just like that see not going
anywhere not that it would want to
anyway look I brought it a little friend
it's worth noting that this one is uh
not going to go all the way down because
it interferes with our Ram but that's
okay we're still getting most of the
benefit of that air flow now because
modern day we need to plug in a thousand
connectors JK it's not that bad all
we've got to do is daisy chain together
these RGB connectors you can see there's
just three pins so they only go in one
way Boop then take this female end and
plug it into where there is usually a
header at the top of the motherboard
then for these other two you've got a
couple of options our cooler did include
a y cable so we can just plug into that
and plug both of them into our CPU fan
header but our motherboard has a CPU fan
and CPU opt header so we can just plug
both of them into
that delicious now for cable
management okay I'm just kidding a don't
do that because you can actually
accident accidentally end up with cables
that are stuck in your fan blades and
they won't spin that's bad and B because
it's not really the time for cable
management now is the time to do a quick
test boot here on the test platform
before you assemble the whole system and
cable manage everything it's a lot
easier to swap a component now than it
is to do it 2 hours from
now and Moment of Truth we can see our
power button is these two pins right
here we short them and
it's
alive well we don't know that yet
believe it or not it's normal for the
system to take quite a while to turn on
in the first place especially AMD
systems while they undergo a process
called memory training so I'm not
digging into my motherboard manual for
what these diagnostic LEDs mean for
probably at least a solid minute or two
oh well okay well the monitor has to be
on yeah that's step one boom booted
great sign for bonus points
we could install Windows now get all of
our drivers set up make sure
everything's working correctly run some
stress tests but
realistically you're not that patient
you're going to put the rest of the
system together now that you know all
the bits and pieces work you can set
these aside and it's time to get back to
the build and meet your case doesn't she
look so beautiful just lift up the veil
give her a little
kiss we settled for the fantex eclipse
360a it's a great value at the the best
of times and when we put together this
parts list it was just $50 after rebate
it comes with three 120 mm fans in the
front and even if we're not a huge fan
of the configuration we' suggest moving
maybe this top one to be a rear exhaust
or a top exhaust there's no doubt that
it'll be enough cooling for our rig
personally I like to remove all my side
panels and put them aside so there's no
risk of them getting scratched or
damaged while I'm completing the rest of
the build a safe place to put them is in
the box with foam separating the two
pieces now it's time to track down all
of your mounting accessories these will
usually be in either a bag or a box
somewhere in the case or in the case
packaging in fant's case pun
intended it's clearly labeled in this
box and nope this one does not include
their little trademark organizers I
guess that's only on their more premium
cases good luck figuring out what all
these are for JK I'm going to help but
before we get to that there's one really
fun step that everyone loves installing
the io Shield if you have a mid-range or
a high-end board it's possible that it
didn't come with one of these
congratulations if you're anyone else
now's a great time to find any of the
little pieces that fold back like this
give them a little extra fold to make
sure that they don't end up stuck behind
your Port then line it up with the
rectangular opening at the back of the
case pushing on each Corner one at a
time knowing that there's a solid chance
one of the other corners will pop out
when you do it if you're not sure about
the orientation you can just check the
back of the motherboard and make sure
that the holes correspond to the ports
speaking of your motherboard now's a
perfect time to install it in the case
but first we're going to do a quick
sanity check some cases come with
motherboard standoffs pre-installed in
the motherboard tray in fact you can see
I've got six s eight nine of them in
this particular case this is really
convenient but if you happen to have a
mismatch between the whole layout of
your motherboard and the pre-installed
standoffs in your case it can cause a
standoff to correspond to a spot where
there isn't a hole and scratch the
traces permanently destroying your board
so we've done a quick count and
determined that we have both nine
standoffs and nine holes we're going to
orient the back of the board with the io
Shield then keeping this side well clear
of those metal standoffs slide it toward
the back and and hopefully there we go
get it to line up perfectly with our
standoffs you may find this process
easier if you lay the case down but I'm
making a video so I can't do that now
quickly install one screw and only one
for now there's a couple of quick things
that we want to
check first are there any metal tabs
sticking into our ports preventing us
from using them or Worse shorting them
out causing damage to our board no good
to go second have we accidentally caught
anything under our board that prevents
us from screwing it down ah there you
can see we've got a cable that's stuck
back there if we tried to screw the
board down with that back there we could
accidentally cause a lot of undue stress
as we tighten down the one side while
this part is bulging out also since
we're pushing it down the last thing we
want to check is that through every
single hole we can see a standoff if we
pre- counted them and we know that they
match then if we can see a stand off
through everyone that means we have no
extras that can damage our board time to
start screwing but which screws do we
use this case comes with coarser
threaded 632 screws and finer threaded
M3 screws which ones are for the
motherboard well it actually varies from
case to case so there's a couple ways to
check you can consult your manual or you
can just trial and error it by starting
with a finer threaded M3 it won't do any
damage it'll just slip out if it's not
the right size and you can switch over
to a 632 in our case M3 is the right
size so we're going to go ahead and do
our other eight screws if you're having
trouble getting a screw installed
because there's a cooler in the way or
another obstruction honestly the best
advice I can give you is not to sweat it
if you've got eight of your nine screws
installed that's no problem as long as
you don't have any extra standoffs
before we plug in our front IO let's go
ahead and get one of those fans moved
normally I would suggest removing the
front panel usually by grabbing it
firmly from the bottom but in this case
um they are not screwed in from the
front they are actually screwed in from
the back you can use scissors to cut
these but I really don't recommend it
side Cutters are much safer if you don't
want to risk damaging any of the wires
that they're holding it's worth noting
that many modern fans will have two or
even three connectors coming off of them
this guy right here with four pins or
three pins in these little ridges is for
power this one right here is for RGB and
the last one is for RGB daisy chaining
so I'll show you guys how to hook this
back up once we've moved it since we're
going to be using this as an exhaust now
we're going to want to look for the
little arrows that indicate the
direction that the blades travel this
one right here and the direction that
the airflow goes and then I usually like
to have the leads up towards this cut
out at the back of the case so that I
can rote it back behind the motherboard
tray now just tighten these boys up you
want to go hard enough that the fan is
held firmly to the case without
vibrating or rattling but not so hard
that you strip out the threads and they
are plastic so you do need to be a
little bit careful now it's time to hook
our RGB back up and in order to do this
correctly we need to understand a little
bit of how the RGB Works in this case it
has a lead that plugs into your
motherboard to get an RGB signal and
then it has a built-in Hub so we're
going to need to power this with a SATA
power adapter later but more importantly
for us right now we need to have a look
at how the other devices are plugged
into it and and Daisy chained together
so the first link goes to our bottom fan
here which then is Daisy chained into
our second fan here meaning that any
Multi-Device animations are going to
start at the bottom front of the case
and make their way to the top back if we
connect it like this if we had
additional fans say here and here for
example we would want to make sure that
we plug in this one then this one then
this one otherwise things are going to
end up looking a little weird since
we're back here now is a great time to
Route any other cables that need to make
their way to the front of the case as
well so we're going to put our USB 3
over here we're going to put our power
switch right around here and we're going
to put our front panel audio oh is there
a hole there oh yeah there is right
around there hey stay in there hey hey
hey stay in there back at the front
here's our USB 3 connector you can see
it's got a little key and a little slot
to make sure that it only goes in one
way the most important thing here is
just to make sure you've actually got it
perfectly lined up before you press down
because those little pins in the socket
are extremely
fragile there we go the power switch is
not keyed and like the rest of these
connectors for the reset switch power
LED and drive activity LED is not really
very fragile so we're just going to
throw it on there and the reality of it
is if you plug any of these in in the
wrong orientation it won't harm anything
just try it the other way if your LEDs
don't illuminate finally our front panel
audio connector is keyed and is going to
go into oh look how handy dandy labeled
that is into our audio header right
there Boop wow look at all that progress
now let's plug in our fans usually there
are headers along this Edge along this
Edge and potentially at the top left and
that's where they are so sure let's plug
these two into the headers right here
and let's plug this one into the one up
there something you may notice by the
way about plugging things in in the top
corner of the case here is that when you
have an air cooler installed it's pretty
freaking tricky so if you have a modular
power supply a good Pro tip is to plug
in this connector and realistically
anything else before you put on your
cooler otherwise hey worst case scenario
you can pop off this fan take the cooler
out plug everything in and then pop it
right back on don't sweat it it's a
minor mistake now it's time to plug in
our RGB woohoo let's just go ahead and
run it over to oh no we already used it
when we plugged in our cooler hm well
there is another four pin RGB connector
here but don't try to force it the four
pin ones run at 12 volts and they will
fry any of these 3 pin 5volt LEDs that
you plug into them fortunately we've got
a couple of options our motherboard like
many modern ones has two RGB connectors
so we can just run that down there or if
you remember we have Daisy chains
already we could just plug this into our
motherboard
here and then grab the other end of our
daisy chain for our CPU RGB it's up to
you just whatever you do don't bend the
pins like I just did now it's time for
our power supply which I realized I
mentioned earlier but never really
talked about we've gone with the RM 750e
from Corsair it's fully modular it's
quiet it's reasonably priced and perhaps
most importantly it's rated Platinum
from cybernetics who I trust quite a bit
more than the folks at 80 plus these
days to tell me what's a good power
supply we haven't done any of our own
testing on this one but that'll be
coming soon enough at lls.edu
if I had a case that either didn't have
a filtered intake on the bottom or
didn't have raised feet to make sure
that it's getting a supply of fresh air
and it's not going to get suffocated by
my carpet then I might turn it around
and have my intake at the top but that
would mean that it would typically run a
little bit warmer you can see that I
pre-attached my cables and the ones that
I need for this build are my 24 pin
connector my 8 Pin EPS connector oh
where'd it
go aha there it is my 8 Pin EPS or CPU
power connector distinguishable from the
other eight pin by the fact that it
separates into two four pins rather
than a six and a two so my two pcie 8
Pin power connectors and finally a SATA
power connector I'm going to need that
actually I'm going to need two of these
but I have four now just to mix things
up I'm going to be using the 632 screws
that I mentioned before but didn't use
just four of these in the back of the
power supply and if you have any extras
hey don't worry they're
delicious now to run these to where they
go this one goes about
here this one goes uh here this one goes
where our GPU is going to end up right
around and our SATA power is going to
hang out down here I'll show you guys
what we're going to do with that later
the trickiest part of plugging in these
big long connectors is just making sure
you've got them oriented right so
there's a little latch here there's a
little catch here those go on the same
side line them up and you got to really
press and make sure that you hear that
click you guys hear that let's try again
click if it's not
clicked it didn't
stick sure I mean sometimes they don't
click same goes for our eight pin up in
the corner let's go ahead and click that
back together to make the installation a
little bit easier and then uh
yeah this will be a little bit tricky
but but nothing you can't handle you
dextrous folks now it's time to install
our hard drive we went with the 2 TB WD
Blue from WD because it was affordable
and we needed somewhere to put our games
so let's go ahead and just pop these
little sides out of these toolless hard
drive trays then we just put this bad
boy in here we're going to want these
screw holes to line up with the little
nubbins that we're going to close onto
them anytime now buddy
then we just close these up take the
whole thing and give it a little shovel
love into this tray down
here look at that since we're down here
now is a perfectly good time to go ahead
and plug in our sta power note that this
is also keyed like so many other
things here we are and oh I guess now's
a perfectly good time to plug in our
SATA data as well we have a side panel
to close here so I'm going to go ahead
and use this right angle connector as
long as we've got enough
clearance here we go a
yeah there you go the lock goes on the
top now we plug our next SATA power
connector into our front panel there
there we go and we can just tuck these
boys I don't know right around there now
it's worth noting by the way that these
trays can accommodate 2 and 1/2 in
drives as well you can see they've got
these little holes so you can screw in
an SSD I don't really recommend buying
SATA ssds anymore though now that the
prices are so similar to nvme ssds and
the performance is decidedly last gen
but hey if you're bringing over an old
drive you can either install them on
these sleds or because they have no
moving parts and it doesn't matter you
can hu them on these you can just pile
them up in the bottom of your case like
I've seen so many people do you just
kind of you do you do you you do
whatever works for you now let's take
the other end of the Sata cable thread
it through
here wow that's an amazing
noise here we go turn this around and
plug it into our right angle SATA
connector here at the front of the
case this motherboard will support up to
four drives not bad now look at that
we're just about done all we got to do
is a little bit of cable management you
don't have to do a lot I won't judge you
but think of yourself like a PC Building
detective you want to be able to at
least close the case you know now for
the big moment unboxing our GPU we went
with the radon 6800
is it the most modern thing no it's
actually last gen but it's a great value
which has been kind of a theme for this
build and compared to the
7700 it yeah consumes a little bit more
power but performs similarly and is less
expensive and compared to similarly
priced offerings from Team Green like
the RTX 4060 series it has 16 gigs of
video memory which should make it
hopefully a good performer for quite a
few years to come come before we can
install it though we need to prep our
case for the surgery let's go ahead and
loosen our PCI slot cover holder thing
not every case is going to have one of
these but every case will have these
screws at the back so let's just figure
out which slot we're going to be using
it's going to be this one so we're going
to take out these two screws to
accommodate uhhuh the double slot IO
plate with that out of the way now is a
great time to take a closer look at our
GPU and talk through some of the choices
that we made earlier you saw us pop off
this pcie slot cover earlier damn it
well whatever I don't need that so if
you didn't test on the bench now is a
good time to take that off as well as
any display ports that you're planning
to use be they HDMI or display port now
there's two other things remember when I
said that the fan that we wanted to take
away was this one in the top the reason
for that is that our GPU uses a three
fan design that draws air in
here so we want to be bringing that
fresh air from those bottom fans and
blowing it right across our GPU the
other decision that we made earlier was
to use our old school 8 Pin pcie power
connectors that's because this car does
not use the new 12volt high power
connector it uses dual 8 Pin pcie power
connectors now we can go ahead and get
this installed all we got to do is line
up the slot with the
slot watch out for this okay make sure
that these are inside the case and not
ramming into the
motherboard push down
firmly you should feel a little bit of
resistance and then if you want to make
sure that it's in you can just see if
this lock at the back of the PCI slot
here is engaged mine is and it's not
going
anywhere now all we got to do is find
those power connectors that I just
showed you hope that we didn't oh no get
them mashed under the GPU there we go
and then just like we did on our
motherboard connectors check for where
the clip is check for where the holder
for the clip is make sure we didn't
cable manage them too tight and plug
them in it's worth noting by the way
that some folks recommend using two
separate cables rather than a daisy
chain style connector like this one if
you've got a GPU that requires two plugs
they're not wrong that is better but the
actual risk of anything going wrong by
using one of these is pretty much
negligible and this isn't a particularly
High draw GPU in the first place so I am
taking a calculated non-risk here now
it's time to screw our GPU back in these
are often thumb screws but I strongly
recommend using a screwdriver to install
them anyway because it can be really
tricky to get these holes aligned just
right and have your thumbs in there like
that so just yeah do yourself a favor
use a magnetic screwdriver if you can I
also like to lift the GPU up a little
bit while I'm installing it cuz you know
it's going to Sag a bit anyway and I
like to see it level that's also one of
the reasons that I like having the power
connectors come from the top and then
I'll tension them quite tight to take a
little bit of the strain off if I don't
happen to have a GPU support of course
if you have a 3D printer or know someone
who has one there are like a bazillion
GPU supports that you can print out and
is that it let's get her buttoned
up
oh good job you did it treat yourself to
a snack
and she still works fantastic not only
that but wow great job your RGB lighting
looks
amazing now if you don't mind I'm just
going to excuse myself to the washroom I
think I might have bruised my head
[Music]
earlier oh no if I can't get these off
I'll never be sponsored Again by someone
like like iFix it say goodbye to your
dollar store use one and it braks tools
iFixit has tool kits that are
meticulously assembled to give you the
proper instruments for your repairing
and tear down needs best of all from now
until May 31st you can save 20% on all
of their tool kits their best-selling
comprehensive Protech toolkit has
everything from a variety of tweezers a
moo driver kit with 64 bits to their
funny sounding but very useful spudger
tool or you can check out the repair
business business tool kit which is a
repair shop in a bag oh and while you're
there iix it has a whole selection of
thousands of repair guides the majority
of which are written by members of their
experienced community so head over to
the link in the description check out
iFixit toolkits and get 20% off until
May 31st if you guys enjoyed this video
go check out how to set up your PC the
last guide you'll ever need it pretty
much picks up right where we left off
here